diff -u oldFile.txt newFile.txt
cat > example.txt
	Enter some text
	ctrl-z to exit
pwd
	prints my current directory
scp
	securely copy a directory
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
	Said the exact line
	Showed both versions of the line and what file they were from
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
	One can go back and see all their changes
	One can go back to when a program was working
	I can see when what was added
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
	You know it works when you commit
	Commits have comments attached
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Projects contain multiple files
	Programs use multiple files
	Java has classes and class has to be its own file
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	idk yet
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
	I can commit when I know everything works then mess with whatever I want
	if it works great new commit otherwise use old commit
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?
	I need to think about that more
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	The history is more percise and useful
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Git is for programing which has interdependent files while google docs is not
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	git log
		used to see git commit history
		remember to scroll through history
	git diff old_commit_id new_commit_id
		compare two different commits
How might using version control make you more confident to make
changes that could break something?
	If I am not on the head I can do whatever I want and then revert to the 
	head if need be
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	My algorithums class
	Learn Full Stack 

